Compiler used: Visual Studio 2012 Express
Language: C++
Machine OS: Windows 10

Steps to create the empty project:
1. Open Visual Studio installed in Windows 10
2. Create New Project..
3. Select Visual C++ -> Win32 -> Console Application. Select "Empty Project" in Application Settings and click "Finish"
4. Enter name of project and select the location as Desktop
5. Copy all the dataset folders in extracted form on the Desktop
6. Import source file (cpp files for each question and sub-question) for each project and run it.

Instructions for each question and sub-question:
Q1a and Q1b:
1. After importing the file, make sure the path for the dataset folder is correct
2. For changing the dataset file after path is set in code statement which opens the file for reading, just change the number in the "SIZE" defined after including preprocessor directives
3. Run the code by changing just the SIZE value for each dataset file and it will give the complexity count (Time complexity) for each dataset file

Q2a, Q2b and Q2c:
1. After importing the file, make sure the path for the dataset folder is correct
2. For changing the dataset file after path is set in code statement which opens the file for reading, just change the number in the "PAIRS" defined after including preprocessor directives
3. Run the code by changing just the PAIRS value for each dataset file and it will give the complexity count (Time complexity) for each dataset file
4. Please do not change the SIZE value because it is the maximum point data that a pair can have

Q4:
1. I have hard-coded the array for which we need to find the farthest distance between two elements 
2. Change the hard-coded array values by entering numbers of your choice
3. Please enter more than 1 array element as it is a farthest distance between two elements problem

Q5a:
1. I have hard-coded the array for which we need to find the two-sum problem. 
2. Change the hard-coded array values by entering numbers of your choice
3. Please enter more than 1 array element as it is a two-sum problem

Q5b:
1. I have hard-coded the array for which we need to find the three-sum problem. 
2. Change the hard-coded array values by entering numbers of your choice
3. Please enter more than 2 array element as it is a three-sum problem